
# COMPANY DUE DILLIGENCE CHECKLIST


## 1)	Corporate Records. 	a)	Corporate (entity) structure chart, illustrating the Company and all subsidiaries/affiliates. 	b)	Operating (or equivalent) Agreement and any other Shareholders’ or similar agreements, including any subsidiaries and any amendments thereto or restatements thereof. 2)	Business Plan and Financials. a)	Current Business Plan and any financial projections, including “burn rate” and cost of existing and intended operations.  b)	Most recent financial statements, including salaries and core vendor payments. c)	Description of internal controls, including auditing.d)	Recent bank statements and tax returns.3)	Intellectual Property (“IP”). a)	List of all Company IP and Patents, stating all of which are fully owned by the Company, providing all documentation if any of the foregoing were previously assigned to the Company. b)	Any licenses or agreements of any kind with respect to the Company’s or others’ patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights, proprietary information or technology. List of any third-party development, and provide an overview of such external team, with full documentation executed between the parties. 4)	Security Issuances and Agreements Concerning Securities. a)	Capitalization Table fully accounting for all shares, warrants, and options. Include all shareholders, warrant holders, and all parties who have been promised or accepted offers to be compensated in shares. Any debt issued or retired must be accounted for with a copy of dates issued, holders, coupon, maturity, and call provisions. b)	Information on recent and/or current capital raise. 5)	Information Regarding Employees. a)	Organization Chart (including # of employees by department). b)	Biographies of Key Personnel and overview of the Technology team. Include employment terms, including compensation (along with means of determination) and length of time with the Company.c)	A list of all officers and directors. If any officers are not currently devoting 100% of their business time to the Company, please note them on the list. 6)	Information Regarding Disputes and Potential Litigation. a)	Any correspondence or documents relating to any prior, pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation related to legal or regulatory items, including, without limitation, those involving the Company’s employees in connection with their prior or present employment or use of technology. b)	Any correspondence or documents relating to allegations of the Company’s infringement of the proprietary rights of others. 7)	Material Agreements. a)	Any agreements, understandings, instruments, contracts, or proposed transactions to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound which involves obligations of, or payments to, the Company in excess of $10,000. b)	Any documents evidencing indebtedness for money borrowed and any other liabilities incurred by the Company. c)	Any other material document(s) you may deem relevant to an initial due diligence review of the Company. 8)	Clients and Marketa)	Reference clients with contact information and a description of relationship and history.b)	Description of market Company operates in and annotated list of leading competitors in the area(s) Company intends to do business. 
