THIS MUTUAL NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into, for good and valuable consideration, as of _________ __, 2013 (the “Effective Date”) by and between _____________ a ________________ corporation with its principal office at _____________________ (“Company”) and ______________, a _________, with its principal office at ___________ (together with all of its subsidiaries and affiliates, “________”).1.	Purpose.  _______ and Company wish to explore a possible business relationship, and in connection with such exploration, each party may disclose its Confidential Informa¬tion (as defined herein) to the other.  The party that discloses such Confidential Information shall be referred to herein as the “disclosing party” and the party that receives such Confidential Information shall be referred to herein as the “receiving party.” 2.	Definition.  "Confidential Information" means the terms of this Agreement and the fact that the parties are exploring a business relationship, any informa¬tion, technical data, or know-how, including, but not limited to, that which relates to research, product plans, business plans, products, services, employees, customers, markets, software, source code, object code, documentation, developments, inventions, processes, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, business methods, business strategies, financing strategies, business contacts, potential investors, marketing or finances, disclosed by the disclosing party (whether in writing, orally, or in any form or medium) to the receiving party (before or after the Effective Date) which the disclosing party designates as confidential (whether orally or in writing), or which, given the totality of the circumstances, the receiving party has, or should have, reason to believe is proprietary, confidential, or competitively sensitive.  Confiden¬tial Informa¬tion does not include information, technical data or know-how which: (i) is in the possession of the receiving party at the time of dis¬closure as shown by the receiving party's files and records immedi¬ately prior to the time of disclosure; (ii) prior or after the time of disclosure becomes part of the public knowledge or literature, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving party; or (iii) is approved for release by the disclosing party in writing. The burden of proving any of the foregoing exceptions rests with the party invoking such exception.  3.	Non-Use and Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information.  _______ and Company agree not to use any Confidential Informa¬tion dis¬closed to it by the other party for its own use or for any purpose except to carry out discussions concerning a potential business relationship between the parties hereto.  Neither party will disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to third parties for any reason without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, and shall not use the Confidential Information in any way detrimental to the disclosing party.  Only full-time employees, officers, directors and other representatives of the receiving party collectively (“Representatives”) who agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, and who need to review the Confidential Information in connection with evaluating a mutually agreeable business relationship between the parties may access and view the Confidential Information.  The receiving party will take all reasonable actions, by instruction, written agreement, or otherwise, to cause such Representatives to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  The receiving party will also take all reasonable steps to protect the secrecy and confidentiality of and avoid disclosure or use of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information, including implementing the most stringent security measures that the receiving party uses to protect its own Confidential Information.  Moreover, the receiving party agrees that it will not make or cause to be made copies, reproductions, or derivative works of any kind from the Confidential Information, absent express written permission of the disclosing party.  The receiving party will be responsible for any breach of this Agreement with respect to the Confidential Information it has received from the disclosing party (including breach by its Representatives, if any) and in addition to the foregoing will, at its sole expense, take all reasonable measures including, but not limited to, court proceedings, to prohibit or prevent unauthorized disclosure or use of the Confidential Information. Each party agrees to notify the other party in writing of any misuse or misappropriation of Confidential Information of the other party that may come to its attention.4.	Mandatory Disclosure.  In the event that either party or their respective Representatives are requested or required by legal process to disclose any of the Confidential Information of the other party, the party required to make such disclosure shall give prompt notice so that the other party may seek a protective order or other appropriate relief prior to any such disclosure.  In the event that such protective order is not obtained, the party required to make such disclosure shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information that its legal counsel advises that it is legally required to disclose, and shall work with the owner of such Confidential Information to minimize the extent and effects of such disclosure.5.	Return of Materials.  Any materials or documents which have been furnished by one party to the other or which reflect such materials or documents will be promptly returned, accompanied by all copies of such documentation, upon either (i) request by the disclosing party, or (ii) rejection or conclusion of the potential business relationship.  At such time, the receiving party shall promptly return to the disclosing party by reputable overnight courier to the undersigned below, at the address above, all tangible materials (including but not limited to printed materials and software disks or other electronic storage media) containing any Confidential Information received from the disclosing party (including but not limited to any permitted copies or derivative works created from the Confidential Information by the disclosing party, and any materials in which the Confidential Information is reflected, quoted, discussed, paraphrased, or explained).  The confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect despite return of such Confidential Information. 6.	No Obligation.  Nothing herein shall obligate either party to proceed with any transaction between them, and each party reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the discussions contemplated by this Agreement concerning a mutually agreeable business opportunity.  Neither this Agreement nor the disclosure or receipt of Confidential Information constitutes or implies any promise or intention by either party to enter into a partnership, agency, employment, or joint venture relationship with the other party hereto.7.	No License / No Liability or Warranty.   Nothing in this Agree¬ment is intended to grant any rights to either party under any patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right nor shall this Agreement grant either party any rights in or to the other party's Confidential Information, except the limited right to review such Confidential Information solely for the purposes of determining whether to enter into the proposed business relationship between the parties.  Neither party makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, completeness, or non-infringement of the Confidential Information that it provides to the other party.  Both parties agree that the disclosing party will not have any liability to the receiving party relating to or resulting from the use of the Confidential Information or any errors therein or omissions therefrom.8.	Disclosure and Agreement Term. The disclosure period for Confidential Information under this Agreement shall last for a period of one (1) year from the date hereof, and neither party shall disclose Confidential Information to the other thereafter. This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date first written above, and continue in effect until the earlier to occur of (a) two (2) years from the date hereof, (b) such time as all Confidential Information disclosed hereunder becomes publicly known and made generally available through no action or inaction of the receiving party, and (c) the parties enter into a written agreement governing the business relationship contemplated in Section 1 hereof, which contains confidentiality obligations concerning the Confidential Information disclosed hereunder, and which expressly supersedes this Agreement.9.	Notice.   All notices and other communications given under this Agreement shall be in writing, addressed to the undersigned representatives of the parties at the addresses above, and shall be deemed to have been given (a) on the date delivered when hand delivered, sent by facsimile or sent by e-mail to a facsimile number or e-mail address provided by the party to which notice is to be given, subject to confirmation of delivery, (b) one business day after mailing if sent via reputable overnight courier, or (c) four business days after mailing if sent by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid.10.	Governing Law and Jurisdiction.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts executed and performed entirely within the State of New York, and without reference to the choice of law provisions thereof.11.	Remedies.  Both parties understand and agree that money damages will not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by the receiving party and that the disclosing party will be entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunction and specific performance, as a remedy for any such breach, without having to post any bond or any other form of security, without having to show any likelihood of irreparable harm, and without having to prove that money damages would be an inadequate remedy.  Such remedies will not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach by a receiving party of this Agreement but will be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity to the disclosing party.  In the event of litigation relating to this Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the receiving party has willfully or recklessly breached this Agreement, then the receiving party will be liable for, and will pay to the disclosing party, the reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the disclosing party in connection with such litigation, including any appeal therefrom.12.	Severability.   If any court determines that any provision(s) of this Agreement is invalid, such determination will not affect the validity of any other provision(s) of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect and will be construed so as to be valid under applicable law.  Without limiting the foregoing, the parties specifically acknowledge that the nondisclosure and confidentiality terms and conditions in this Agreement are severable and if any of them are held invalid or unenforceable for any reason, any such term or condition will be adjusted or reduced only to the extent necessary to cure any invalidity and to protect the interests of the disclosing party to the fullest extent of the law.13.	Entire Agreement / Interpretation.   This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof; incorporates and merges any and all previous agreements, understandings, and communications (oral or written) with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement; and may not be modified, amended, or waived except by a specific written instrument duly executed by the parties.  Any and all confidentiality obligations in this Agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and their respective Representatives.14.	Miscellaneous.  Neither party may assign this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, and any purported assignment in violation of this provision will be void.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and for the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns, provided that Confidential Information of either party may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the disclosing party.  Both parties understand and agree that no failure or delay by either party in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege hereunder.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement, and the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing such counterpart.  Signatures transmitted via facsimile shall be acceptable and binding as original signatures.  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement on the date set forth above.___________________________________________________Name:Title:Company: _________________________________________________________Name:Title: