There's a disbalance, in the market where it comes to information who has it and benifts from it also mirror missalocation in terms of funds - low interest rates, savers and small investors who want to benefit from technology growth, also innovative companies pushing the envelope who need the capital. The bottle neck is VCs as information hubs and rent-seekers, banks also can't do debt for structural and risk reasons (tech has no plant, yet - or assets that can be collaterlazid), investment banks are see the space too small, deals are small and there's no technology or infrastructure for syndication and securitization. The problem really comes down to lack of infrastructure (though work is being made to lay pipes for crowdfunding), e/valuation models, and financial products that can be employed by issuing companies to better match their business models and cashflow structures,  - i.e. maybe debt, someone more intimate with employee (compensation) stock option needs, and on investor side - ability to mark to market, have liquidity. In fact liquidity is a major problem here, but with advent of secondary markets there's a ray of hope - at this point - VCs are liquidity takers, they became the defacto market makers for tech companies and also problem is their mandates, they focus on super winners, and allocate capital/bandwidth accordingly (need more here). Additionally, the demand for shares of succesfull later stage tech companies creates the RoFR pump - here outside investors come in and get periodically rejected with ever higher bids on existing stock, RoFR partners (i.e. outside insiders) buy up shares, each new round bids up the existing valuation. This market has attracted it's own players, hedge fund presence is a major sign.  Still all this shows there's a global, and diverse player demand for equity (possibly debt) investment in high growth technology companies. It is my thesis that a new player needs to emerge, and one that does this correctly i.e. operate in the disbalance by offering a new modus operandi would be very successful and highly profitable. 

What are the characteristics of this player? 
Is it possible to create a technology centered financial institution, in the end its mission is based on faciltating creation of more technology as technology in its removal of entropy and counter-productive creation of information, creates information that produces cashflows and valuations. Therefore this bank uses capital and tacit/specialist and technological and technology proper to facilitate more technology and has the adroitness to steward this work process into returns to investors and innovators. How do we do this? Well first structure, the structure combines elements of an investment bank, a venture capital fund, a research think tank, a distributed co-op. It's operation based on license and skillset for issuing and dealing in securities though. That's the bottom line competency. So starting from that lets look at the components of this. The other main thing to remember is that the client is the group of people the organization that produces technology, our mission is to serve them with strategic advice first and foremost, than for navigating networks of capital. Our founding belief is that the company has good technology that removes/creates entropy, it will be have a return on equity! So that being said, with clear knowledge of who the client is - it is important to understand them and their needs, and to become relevant and structure our organization to match and meet their needs. 

So where do we begin. Let's start with merchant banking traditionally. Here we have a reputation benefit and expertise, technology as itself is too broad, so I suggest a focus is made on technology of technology - automation, algorithmic, based business that employ Machine Learning and have high computation requirements. Ie. businesses that actively deploy technology to remove entropy and/or create information. Here these processes can be measured as calculations per or megabits processed/stored, with some accompanying metrics of the two. This data is available realtime, and once there is monetization cash flows can be modeled based off it with certain weights. Until monetization, we can look at thresholds and adoption curves, until adoption, we look at technology metrics - such as code lines, operations, etc. entropy measures of technology itself (i.e. number of libraries) - maybe basic - developer hours weighed by developer qualification rank (something to be calculated from their LinkedIn and github pages). The actual modelled out valuation framework, will call for an activist investor - i.e. sophisticated and this is accomplished through networked structure of the bank discussed later. So while not a given it is possible to seed reputation in a whitespace which is AI with allocated capital (and marketing ala Grishin Robotics), because it will draw proposals, business plans, and help consolidate knowledge as long as there's a good framework for storing, retrieving and analyzing this data. Ok so we have a shingle, $25mm for AI, merchant bank. Most tech people wouldn't know what it is - merchant marine? This is good (maybe bad) but allows definition. First of all, we will invest our own capital stage agnostically - but always as anchor (better term than bridge) financing for a funding round. So a company is looking to raise 3mm, we put in a tenth as skin in the game and also to signal market on valuation and quality. Our valuation is de-facto market because it is not based on IRR (risk appetite of VC) mandates, it is based on a studied valuation - this is banking approach. As we are insiders, we get provision to be on board, but structure can also give us activist mandate. So first function as anchor investor, educated, that can get across the funding hump. Next come functions of bank as related to liquidity and market-making. Our goal and belief here is that if there's accurate market place and price for securities, the issuer benefits. So from the first stock option pool, we are there to soak up shares, and provide structured product (possibility for off balance sheet structure for employee equity - must explore further). Additionaly, as client company we maintain market and notify of valuation relevant performance of the company - finding optimal time to offer primary or secondary. So here we have defined three value props to client issuers - anchor investor, provider of valutation (performance evaluation) information, and market intermidiary for capital resources. Now the scope of activity moves to more traditional AB role as market information indermediary between issuer and investor, we don't need to get in here - but my framework is based on the thesis of Morrison and Wilhelm. 
A good merch bank also provides business advisory services, these are same as evaluation anyway, so it makes sense to offer and be activist - i.e. retain some of the safety valves of VC, but not as draconian. The best way to do this is through network and equity based interconnection. Each company that joins the Astra network becomes involved on an equity level with all other companies - like this (voluntarily) -! Astra allocates advisory shares to management, investors, employees of other Astra companies that advise on evaluation and investment into company A. This is done through formation of deal specific advisory and investment committees, this has the added benefit of expanding market of shareholders with inside information, this information and individuals benefit the market with liquidity/supply. If a company elects to collectively advise / mentor / sheperd an upstart, the company itself recieves securities for its balance sheet - if companies can park their excess cash in other comapnies?! (what would that look like - in the network? - that's even more oldschool banking!!) 
And this brings to the point of how this thing will be bootstrapped with minized costs, while still compliant and avoiding conflicts of interest. This first happens with complete internal transparency, just as we have access to the client companies, they will have access to our internal metrics and operations. But more importantly, as the expert network is distributed and could be on/off deal specific with bulk of compensation as equity and us hosting the market or being gateway to the market for said equity, that's the liquidity. So first of all research will be done through other firms - data firms like CB Insights, but lso Dodilio as exchange for providing deal specific valuation work. Ideally, software in-house will be developed for plugging in metrics and using proprietary indexes as weights. All communications/IT will be in the cloud, so any business that it is related to Astra will be conducted and recorded there for compliance (call, email, valuation work, etc) - Cohear. This structure allows for global operation, so deals can be sourced anywhere - capital can be allocated across borders. Technology is escrow will be held by bank.
Now the profit, it will come from two places generating fees from transactions and managing investment vehicles. The bank will have a balance sheet for holding investment securities and also SPVs with focus on late stage issuer securities. So for both a meaningful secondary market needs to be in place, or securitization and aggregation of pool of investor capital and managed as a pe/vc model. The model is to apply information/tech entropy framework to bank operations themselves, so if we help identify and organize investment grade technology companies, we minimize entropy and create price information. The idea is that right now there is an abundance of entropy that can be turned into returns through technology processes. 














